Fix links (#415)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/concepts/multiple-qubits.md

---

# Multiple Qubits

> While single-qubit gates possess some counter-intuitive features, such as the ability to be in more than one state at a given time, if all we had in a quantum computer were single-qubit gates then we would have a device with computational power that would be dwarfed by even a calculator let alone a classical supercomputer.  The true power of quantum computing only becomes visible as we increase the number of qubits.  This power arises, in part, because the dimensions of the vector space of quantum state vectors grow exponentially with the number of qubits.  This means that while a single qubit can be trivially modeled, simulating a fifty-qubit quantum computation would arguably push the limits of existing supercomputers.  Increasing the size of the computation by only one additional qubit *doubles* the memory required to store the state and roughly *doubles* the computational time.  This rapid doubling of computational power is why a quantum computer with a relatively small number of qubits can far surpass the most powerful supercomputers of today, tomorrow and beyond for some computational tasks.

Reviewer: A vector space has a single dimension, such that "dimensions" should not be pluralized here.
```suggestion
While single-qubit gates possess some counter-intuitive features, such as the ability to be in more than one state at a given time, if all we had in a quantum computer were single-qubit gates then we would have a device with computational power that would be dwarfed by even a calculator let alone a classical supercomputer.  The true power of quantum computing only becomes visible as we increase the number of qubits.  This power arises, in part, because the dimension of the vector space of quantum state vectors grows exponentially with the number of qubits.  This means that while a single qubit can be trivially modeled, simulating a fifty-qubit quantum computation would arguably push the limits of existing supercomputers.  Increasing the size of the computation by only one additional qubit *doubles* the memory required to store the state and roughly *doubles* the computational time.  This rapid doubling of computational power is why a quantum computer with a relatively small number of qubits can far surpass the most powerful supercomputers of today, tomorrow and beyond for some computational tasks.
```
